>> Mike North: The idea of server-side
rendering is you are not going to
have static-hosting,
you're going to have a rendering server.
And you're going to hit it, and depending
on the path of the request that comes in,
a particular view is going to be rendered.
And oftentimes you will even take
the users cookies into account, all right?
So it could be, for
this user show me the LinkedIn feed
with all of the articles in it.
As soon as you start going into this area,
you have to have a keen awareness for
what is the core JavaScript language,
versus things that are conventions
generally available in JavaScript
environments, like set time bound.
Versus things that our browser
only constructs like AJAX.
If you need to use AJAX for something
like jQuery which depends on a full DOM
implementation, your server side rendering
code is going to be really really slow.
You have to bring in
like tons of stubbing and
DOM simulation stuff to make that work
the way you would expect it to work.
So we don't get anything
that's on the window object,
we don't get Navigator
we don't get sensors.
We don't get screen width and screen
height, those mean nothing, so if you have
a pinterest layout where you have a
different number of columns on the screen.
And there's really not
a good way to render that,
at least the first time, on the server.
And the typical approach there is to
remember what the user's window width
used to be, put that in a cookie.
And now subsequent requests can at
least have that as a starting point.
Not a great solution, but
it's all we've got so far.
Keep in mind that, this dramatically
slows down the initial HTML response.
Wat's on the critical
path to returning HTML?
Booting your app, going and getting data,
rendering all of those components,
waiting for everything to settle, scraping
that HTML, building the response object,
and sending it back to the browser.
It is way,
way slower than rendering HTML with PHP.
It is a lot of work that you need to do.
But the advantage here is that we can,
when we make a request to this
rendering server, its gonna like
inside the data centre really fast
network request across the some
fibre optic cable, low latency.
To assemble all the data it needs, and
then we gonna have all three milestones
at the end of getting index.html.
The idea is, even before we
download client side JavaScript,
we've got our grocery
items already in the HTML.
And the JavaScript comes down later and
imperceptibly to the user,
it sort of just picks up and
replaces the HTML with whatever
it needs to replace it with.
And there's no blink or flash, but at
that point, the client side is in charge.
And at this point it's just
sort of subsequent behavior.
Subsequent things that
happen beyond that page.